welcome to the man of recaps this is His
Dark Materials episode 4 guess what time
it is
it's lin-manuel Miranda in a hot-air
balloon time he's playing the Texan
least scores be an aeronaut with his own
balloon and a cute rabbit demon the
Egyptians have made it north to trolland
sin they're trying to get help from the
witches apparently fodder chorim used to
date one so he's got the inn he and ira
talk about how she reads the ilithyia
meter I'm right out in the open yeah
yeah put that thing away they go see
this dude who is the witch's console
apparently he's the only one who can
contact them so they need to win this
guy over first he wants to see Lyra's
Alethea murder - and even though he's
got a snake demon she seems to trust him
as a test he wants her to pick out which
one of these bottles of twigs will
summon the specific witch Serafina
Pecola I'm not sure that's how the elite
the ometer works like how she's gonna
get a symbol to specifically point -
uh-oh she did it yeah okay never mind as
a reward he gives her a magical quest
item a bottle of empty air the twigs are
for calling the witches and the air will
just like summon her to you right away
in case of emergency then he sent him on
the next quest they have to recruit the
armored bear Yorick burn in sin
unfortunately York is currently an
unarmed ER to bear we learned more about
it from Lee Scoresby - who was once his
friendly Scoresby busts into the saloon
like hey who here's seen an armored bear
no one's talking so he picks a fight
it's kind of funny cuz his rabbits
they're calling out the shots while he's
doing the fighting and you have to be
honestly kind of gets his butt kicked
but he did steal everyone's wallet
during the fight so I guess that was his
plan he goes to see the Port Authority
who is Dudley Dursley from Harry Potter
by the way long story short the
Magisterium tricked him out of it to
keep him here as an indentured servant
now at the Magisterium mrs. Coulter's
having a meeting with the cardinal we
met him once before he's the guy who
like is super hunched over for no
apparent reason and he seems to be the
highest level guy that we've seen so far
he tries to fire mrs. Coulter because
she's tried too much attention to the
ablation board and with the ransacking
of the college but she's like uh uh you
can't fire me I got a trick up my sleeve
I have Lord Asriel captive now the
Magisterium really wants Lord Asriel cuz
you know he's a big deal heretic plus I
think they want to know like what he
knows about dust in other worlds and
turns out she doesn't have him
personally but another armored bear took
him prisoner and she's manipulating him
her bear friend is the current king
ragnar he's got like a golden bear skull
helm it's pretty hardcore he owes her
cuz she helped his rise to power and she
offers him a baptism which apparently is
super cool for him he'd be the first
bear ever in the Magisterium so you know
he's happy to help her out with Lord
Asriel in exchange for Lord Asriel
besides just keeping her job she wants
to ask a question of the Magisterium
zhilie Fiamma Tarr it's just super nerdy
guy who knows how to read it then mrs.
Coulter's question is who is it's like
oh you know her she's your daughter what
do you want me to say but we've heard a
few times that Lyra it might be the
child of some prophecy so I assume
that's what she's trying to get at Lord
boreal also sees nerdy Alethea meter guy
turns out he's got some dirt on him
implies that he knows he's gay he wants
the Alethea meter to tell him how he can
find out what Gruman discovered he's
trying to get all the knowledge about
parallel worlds
Lyra meets up with Li Scoresby and eats
all his bacon she basically gets the
story that if York has his armor back
he'd be happy to come along on her
adventure with there she goes to see
Yorick like hey I can find out where
your armor is by the way he can't just
make more armor out of this metal cuz
it's hit up trash so she pulls out her
Alethea meter phone and just googles it
real quick yeah it turns out the armors
here in town it's right up in the church
so it's polar bear rampage time bursts
in there comes out with boom full set of
armor it seems like it leaves a lot
uncovered but somehow these guys can't
hit them they're an armored bear Takes
these guys all-out so Lyra comes back to
the Egyptian's like what's up I
recruited us an armored bear plus a dude
with a hot air balloon questionably is
useful so our party is headed north
gotta go find those missing children and
kick some butt
[Music]